-----------------
Menus
-----------------

This describes purpose and configuration of $project/resource/config/menu.xml

The menu file describes the navigation flow used to access pages.  Although
technically the menu structure allows for n-tiers, there are dependencies
in the screen designs that currently limit the menu structure to <= 3 levels.

The three levels are often referred to as: modules, areas, and options.

The parameters for a menu are:

    name

        The key used at a programmatic level to bind things together.
        The name must be unique within the context of its parent menu.

    label

        The display string that is shown to users.  Note, this attribute
        is not used for module menus since they display as images.

    layout

        The screen layout that should be used for this menu and all children.

    command

        The command determines what action should be taken when the menu
        is selected.  Common examples include:

            showPage: the pageKey is defined in the argument
            showChildren: show all child menus and display the first
                available page.

        Other commands may be hooked up but require minor extentions in the
        code.

    argument

        The argument provides additional information that is context sensitive
        based on the command.

    visible

        Determines if the menu is visible or not.  Valid values are:

            default:
                The menu is visible if it either references a visible page
                or contains at least one visible child menu.  This is the
                default value and is generally not explicitly specified.
            no:
                The menu should never be visible.
            yes:
                The menu should always be visible.
            userAndAccount:
                The menu should always be visible if there is a user and
                account in the session.

    role

        The list of roles that are allowed to access the functionality
        under this menu. Multiple roles can be specified for a given
        menu option. If there are one or more roles specified the current
        user must have at least one of the specified roles for the menu
        to be displayed. If no roles are specified then it is assumed
        that all roles are allowed to access this menu therefore the menu
        will not be hidden due to roles.

    emphasized

        Determines if the menu should be displayed with emphasis.  This
        is currently only supported for option menus.  Module and area
        menus ignore this indicator.  The default value is "no".

